add documentation redgtech (#37217)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/redgtech.markdown

Reviewer: Removal instructions are required, you can just include the blurb from here: https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/docs-removal-instructions#example-implementation

---
title: Redgtech
description: Integrate Redgtech smart devices with Home Assistant
ha_category:

>   - Light

Reviewer: The initial core PR only has switch. We should not add light here yet.

>   - Light

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  - Switch
ha_release: 2025.1
ha_iot_class: cloud_polling
ha_domain: redgtech
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
  - switch
ha_quality_scale: bronze
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jonhsady'
  - '@luan-nvg'
---

The **Redgtech** integration allows you to control your [Redgtech](https://redgtech.com.br/) smart devices through Home Assistant. This integration provides seamless connectivity to your Redgtech ecosystem, enabling you to manage lights and switches from within your Home Assistant dashboard.

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Prerequisites

- A Redgtech account with active devices.
- Your Redgtech devices connected to your network.
- Internet connectivity for cloud communication.

## Installation parameters

The Redgtech integration does not require any special installation parameters. The integration uses cloud-based communication and does not require:

> 
> - Local network configuration
> - Port forwarding
> - Static IP addresses
> - Special firewall rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The Redgtech integration does not require any special installation parameters. The integration uses cloud-based communication and does not require:
> 
> - Local network configuration
> - Port forwarding
> - Static IP addresses
> - Special firewall rules
> 
> All communication is handled through the Redgtech cloud service using standard HTTPS connections.

Reviewer: There's no need to list what we don't need.

```suggestion
The Redgtech integration does not require any special installation parameters other than Redgtech account email and password.

All communication is handled through the Redgtech cloud service using standard HTTPS connections.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Email:
  description: "The email address connected to your Redgtech account."
Password:
  description: "The account password."
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Features

- **Smart switch control**: Turn your Redgtech switches on/off remotely.

> - **Smart light control**: Control brightness and on/off state of Redgtech lights.

Reviewer: Remove this for now

> - **Real-time status**: See the current state of your devices in real time.

Reviewer: This is not true since the integration polls the cloud every 15 seconds

> - **Automation support**: Use Redgtech devices in Home Assistant automations.

Reviewer: All Home Assistant integration allow automating, it's not a special feature of this integration

> - **Cloud connectivity**: Access your devices from anywhere via Redgtech cloud.

Reviewer: Remove, it's irrelevant for the Home Assistant ingegration

## Supported devices

| Device Type | Models | Features |
|-------------|--------|----------|

> | Smart Switch | X1, X2, X3 | On/Off control, Status monitoring |

Reviewer: What is X1, X2, X3? 
What do you mean by "status monitoring"?

> | Smart Light | B1, B2, B3 | On/Off control, Brightness control |

Reviewer: Remove the smart light from here for now

> | Smart Light | B1, B2, B3 | On/Off control, Brightness control |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Data updates

The Redgtech integration uses a polling-based approach to keep device data synchronized:

> - **Update interval**: Device states are updated every 60 seconds.

Reviewer: The time is not correct, in the code it's 15 seconds

> - **Update interval**: Device states are updated every 60 seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Update interval**: Device states are updated every 15 seconds.
```

> - **Authentication**: The integration automatically handles token renewal when needed.
> - **Error handling**: If authentication fails, the integration will trigger a reauthentication flow.
> - **Retry logic**: Temporary connection issues are handled with automatic retries.
> - **Real-time control**: Device commands (on/off, brightness) are sent immediately without waiting for the next update cycle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Authentication: The integration automatically handles token renewal when needed.
- Error handling: If authentication fails, the integration will trigger a reauthentication flow.
- Retry logic: Temporary connection issues are handled with automatic retries.
- Real-time control: Device commands (on/off, brightness) are sent immediately without waiting for the next update cycle.
```
We use [bold to markup UI strings](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide)

### Data flow

1. **Initial setup**: When you first configure the integration, it authenticates with the Redgtech API.
2. **Token management**: The integration stores an access token and automatically renews it when needed.
3. **Device discovery**: All available devices are fetched from your Redgtech account.
4. **Periodic updates**: Every 60 seconds, the integration polls the API for the latest device states.
5. **Command execution**: When you control a device, the command is sent immediately to the API.

> 6. **State synchronization**: Device states are updated in Home Assistant to reflect the current status.

Reviewer: I don't understand what these sections add, I'd suggest to remove them

> ### Data flow
> 
> 1. **Initial setup**: When you first configure the integration, it authenticates with the Redgtech API.
> 2. **Token management**: The integration stores an access token and automatically renews it when needed.
> 3. **Device discovery**: All available devices are fetched from your Redgtech account.
> 4. **Periodic updates**: Every 60 seconds, the integration polls the API for the latest device states.
> 5. **Command execution**: When you control a device, the command is sent immediately to the API.
> 6. **State synchronization**: Device states are updated in Home Assistant to reflect the current status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion.
```

## Automation examples

Here are some automation examples you can use with your Redgtech devices:

### Turn on lights when motion is detected

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Turn on Redgtech lights on motion"
    trigger:
      platform: motion
      entity_id: binary_sensor.motion_sensor
    action:
      service: light.turn_on
      target:
        entity_id: light.redgtech_bedroom_light
```

### Turn off all Redgtech switches when leaving home

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Turn off Redgtech switches when leaving"
    trigger:
      platform: state
      entity_id: person.your_name
      to: "not_home"
    action:
      service: switch.turn_off
      target:
        entity_id: switch.redgtech_*
```

### Schedule Redgtech devices

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Morning routine - Turn on bedroom light"
    trigger:
      platform: time
      at: "07:00:00"
    condition:
      condition: time
      weekday:
        - mon
        - tue
        - wed
        - thu
        - fri
    action:
      service: light.turn_on
      target:
        entity_id: light.redgtech_bedroom_light
      data:
        brightness: 255

> ```

Reviewer: Please remove this. Automation examples are relevant for integrations which implement custom actions, your integration doesn't.

> ### Turn off all Redgtech switches when leaving home
> 
> ```yaml
> automation:
>   - alias: "Turn off Redgtech switches when leaving"
>     trigger:
>       platform: state
>       entity_id: person.your_name
>       to: "not_home"
>     action:
>       service: switch.turn_off
>       target:
>         entity_id: switch.redgtech_*
> ```
> 
> ### Schedule Redgtech devices
> 
> ```yaml
> automation:
>   - alias: "Morning routine - Turn on bedroom light"
>     trigger:
>       platform: time
>       at: "07:00:00"
>     condition:
>       condition: time
>       weekday:
>         - mon
>         - tue
>         - wed
>         - thu
>         - fri
>     action:
>       service: light.turn_on
>       target:
>         entity_id: light.redgtech_bedroom_light
>       data:
>         brightness: 255
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Use cases

### Smart home automation
- **Morning routine**: Automatically turn on bedroom lights when your alarm goes off.
- **Evening routine**: Gradually dim lights as bedtime approaches.
- **Away mode**: Turn off all Redgtech devices when you leave home.
- **Security**: Turn on lights when motion is detected in specific areas.

### Energy management
- **Scheduled control**: Set timers to automatically turn off devices after a certain period.
- **Occupancy-based control**: Turn devices on/off based on room occupancy.
- **Sunset/sunrise**: Sync device behavior with natural light patterns.

### Convenience
- **Voice control**: Use voice assistants to control Redgtech devices.
- **Remote access**: Control devices from anywhere using the Home Assistant mobile app.

> - **Scene control**: Create scenes that control multiple Redgtech devices simultaneously.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I see the need for this list of use cases. Any integration which have switch entities supports the same use cases, it's not unique for redgtech.

> ## Use cases
> 
> ### Smart home automation
> - **Morning routine**: Automatically turn on bedroom lights when your alarm goes off.
> - **Evening routine**: Gradually dim lights as bedtime approaches.
> - **Away mode**: Turn off all Redgtech devices when you leave home.
> - **Security**: Turn on lights when motion is detected in specific areas.
> 
> ### Energy management
> - **Scheduled control**: Set timers to automatically turn off devices after a certain period.
> - **Occupancy-based control**: Turn devices on/off based on room occupancy.
> - **Sunset/sunrise**: Sync device behavior with natural light patterns.
> 
> ### Convenience
> - **Voice control**: Use voice assistants to control Redgtech devices.
> - **Remote access**: Control devices from anywhere using the Home Assistant mobile app.
> - **Scene control**: Create scenes that control multiple Redgtech devices simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Known limitations

- **Cloud dependency**: The integration requires internet connectivity to function.
- **Polling interval**: Device states are updated every 60 seconds, not in real time.
- **Single account**: Each integration instance can only connect to one Redgtech account.
- **No local control**: Devices cannot be controlled locally without internet connection.

> - **API rate limits**: The Redgtech API has rate limits that may affect frequent updates.

Reviewer: How is the user supposed to use this list of limitations? Apart from the "single account" - which I don't even understand why you list as a limitation - the other 4 items are caused by this integration being `cloud_polling`, and IMO there's no need to list those.

> ## Known limitations
> 
> - **Cloud dependency**: The integration requires internet connectivity to function.
> - **Polling interval**: Device states are updated every 60 seconds, not in real time.
> - **Single account**: Each integration instance can only connect to one Redgtech account.
> - **No local control**: Devices cannot be controlled locally without internet connection.
> - **API rate limits**: The Redgtech API has rate limits that may affect frequent updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---
title: Redgtech
description: Integrate Redgtech smart devices with Home Assistant
ha_category:
  - Light
  - Switch
ha_release: 2025.1
ha_iot_class: cloud_polling
ha_domain: redgtech
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
  - switch
ha_quality_scale: bronze
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jonhsady'
  - '@luan-nvg'
---

The **Redgtech** integration allows you to control your Redgtech smart devices through Home Assistant. This integration provides seamless connectivity to your Redgtech ecosystem, enabling you to manage lights and switches from within your Home Assistant dashboard.

For more information about Redgtech, visit the [Redgtech website](https://redgtech.com.br/).

## Installation

The Redgtech integration is available in Home Assistant by default. No additional installation steps are required.

### Prerequisites

Before setting up the integration, ensure you have:

- A Redgtech account with active devices
- Your Redgtech devices connected to your network
- Internet connectivity for cloud communication

> ### Installation Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installation parameters
```
We use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization), also in headings. Please fix throughout the documentation

The Redgtech integration does not require any special installation parameters. The integration uses cloud-based communication and does not require:

- Local network configuration
- Port forwarding
- Static IP addresses
- Special firewall rules

All communication is handled through the Redgtech cloud service using standard HTTPS connections.

## Configuration

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Email:
  description: "The email address connected to your Redgtech account."
Password:
  description: "The account password."
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Removing the integration

This integration follows standard integration removal. No extra steps are required.

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}

> After deleting the integration, go to the Redgtech app and remove the Home Assistant integration from there as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This section is typically at the very end of the page, as it marks the end of the integration life cycle. For more information, refer to the documentation on [Integration documentation structure](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/integration-docs-examples). It shows one example of a structure. [Some other documentation examples](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown)

## Automation Examples

Here are some automation examples you can use with your Redgtech devices:

### Turn on lights when motion is detected

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Turn on Redgtech lights on motion"
    trigger:
      platform: motion
      entity_id: binary_sensor.motion_sensor
    action:
      service: light.turn_on
      target:
        entity_id: light.redgtech_bedroom_light
```

### Turn off all Redgtech switches when leaving home

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Turn off Redgtech switches when leaving"
    trigger:
      platform: state
      entity_id: person.your_name
      to: "not_home"
    action:
      service: switch.turn_off
      target:
        entity_id: switch.redgtech_*
```

### Schedule Redgtech devices

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Morning routine - Turn on bedroom light"
    trigger:
      platform: time
      at: "07:00:00"
    condition:
      condition: time
      weekday:
        - mon
        - tue
        - wed
        - thu
        - fri
    action:
      service: light.turn_on
      target:
        entity_id: light.redgtech_bedroom_light
      data:
        brightness: 255
```

## Use Cases

### Smart Home Automation

> - **Morning Routine**: Automatically turn on bedroom lights when your alarm goes off

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Morning routine**: Automatically turn on bedroom lights when your alarm goes off.
```
We use sentence-style capitalization also for UI strings. Please end sentences with periods.

- **Scene Control**: Create scenes that control multiple Redgtech devices simultaneously

## Known Limitations

- **Cloud Dependency**: The integration requires internet connectivity to function
- **Polling Interval**: Device states are updated every 60 seconds, not in real-time
- **Single Account**: Each integration instance can only connect to one Redgtech account
- **No Local Control**: Devices cannot be controlled locally without internet connection
- **API Rate Limits**: The Redgtech API has rate limits that may affect frequent updates

## Troubleshooting

### Connection Issues

If you're experiencing connection issues:

1. Verify your internet connection
2. Check your Redgtech account credentials
3. Ensure your Redgtech devices are online in the Redgtech app
4. Restart Home Assistant if the issue persists

### Device Not Appearing

If your devices don't appear after setup:

1. Check that your devices are properly configured in the Redgtech app
2. Ensure your Redgtech account has access to the devices
3. Try removing and re-adding the integration

### Authentication Errors

If you receive authentication errors:

> 1. Verify your email and password are correct

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify your email and password are correct.
```
End sentences with periods.

2. Check if your Redgtech account is active
3. Try logging into the Redgtech app to confirm your credentials

> For additional support, please contact [Redgtech support](mailto:contato.redgtech.dev@gmail.com) directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional support, please contact [Redgtech support](mailto:contato.redgtech.dev@gmail.com) directly.

## Removing the integration

This integration follows standard integration removal. No extra steps are required.

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}

After deleting the integration, go to the Redgtech app and remove the Home Assistant integration from there as well.
```

---
title: Redgtech
description: Integrate Redgtech smart devices with Home Assistant
ha_category:
  - Light
  - Switch
ha_release: 2025.1
ha_iot_class: cloud_polling
ha_domain: redgtech
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
  - switch
ha_quality_scale: bronze
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jonhsady'
  - '@luan-nvg'
---

> The **Redgtech** integration allows you to control your Redgtech smart devices through Home Assistant. This integration provides seamless connectivity to your Redgtech ecosystem, enabling you to manage lights and switches from within your Home Assistant dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Redgtech** integration allows you to control your [Redgtech](https://redgtech.com.br/) smart devices through Home Assistant. This integration provides seamless connectivity to your Redgtech ecosystem, enabling you to manage lights and switches from within your Home Assistant dashboard.
```

> For more information about Redgtech, visit the [Redgtech website](https://redgtech.com.br/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Installation

The Redgtech integration is available in Home Assistant by default. No additional installation steps are required.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

Before setting up the integration, ensure you have:

- A Redgtech account with active devices.
- Your Redgtech devices connected to your network.
- Internet connectivity for cloud communication.

> ### Installation parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installation parameters
```

The Redgtech integration does not require any special installation parameters. The integration uses cloud-based communication and does not require:

- Local network configuration
- Port forwarding
- Static IP addresses
- Special firewall rules

All communication is handled through the Redgtech cloud service using standard HTTPS connections.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This title is not needed here. It is already part of the include section.
<img width="861" height="569" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7cbb9c59-116f-4cd2-a9d8-6e22639a1928" />

---
title: Redgtech
description: Integrate Redgtech devices
ha_category:
  - Light
  - Switch
ha_release: 2025.1
ha_iot_class: cloud_polling
ha_domain: redgtech
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
  - switch
ha_quality_scale: silver
---
## Redgtech

> The **Redgtech** integration allows you to connect compatible devices with Home Assistant, offering smart control and advanced monitoring.

Reviewer: Add a link to the redgtech website here

## *Configuration*

To set up Redgtech integration:

1. *Go to **Settings** > **Devices & Services**.*
2. *Click on **Add Integration**.*
3. *Choose **Redgtech** from the list.*

> 4. Log in with your Redgtech app credentials.

Reviewer: Include the standard setup instruction here by `{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}`, the only non-standard part is to use the Redgtech app credentials.

> 4. Log in with your Redgtech app credentials.

Reviewer: The implementation asks for "email" and "password", maybe write that out here:
```
{% configuration_basic %}
Email:
    description: "The email address connected to your account. You can find it in ..."
Passert:
    description: "The account password."
{% endconfiguration_basic %}
```

## Features

- Control smart lights and switches.
- Real-time monitoring.
- Easy and quick setup.

## Supported Devices

| Type         | Model        |
| ------------ | ------------ |
| Smart Switch | Model X1, X2 |
| Smart Bulb   | Model B1, B2 |

## Troubleshooting

> If you encounter issues using this integration, refer to the [troubleshooting guide](../troubleshooting.md) or contact our support.

Reviewer: What support? Maybe add a link to redgtech support?
